RFC16: Standard Modes: Metadata support/overrides and dynamic modes (#23)
mavlink/rfcs: text/0016-standard-modes.md

  It is internal and should not be relied upon to have any order between reboots.
- If there is a direct correlation between a standard mode and a custom mode this should be treated as just one mode (the standard mode) and emitted once.
- The GCS can request this message using `MAV_CMD_REQUEST_MESSAGE`, specifying either "send all modes" or "send mode with this index".
- The message will include a `mode_name` field that can act as both a key for determining mode metadata, or as a fallback string if the GCS has no metadata for the mode.

>   This can be used to provide metadata (or minimally a mode name) for dynamic modes, and to provide customised data for any other mode.

Author: ```suggestion
  This can be used to override metadata on existing modes, for example to enhance standard metadata with additional information about autopilot-specific behaviour, or can provide metadata for any other static or dynamic mode.
```
